Objectives
Use asynchronous JavaScript tools to build a responsive web application.
Demonstrate understanding of the JavaScript event loop.
Generate asynchronous code using Promises and async/await syntax.
Use fetch and/or Axios to interact with an external web API.
Organize files using modules and imports.

Instructions
You will create a small single-page web application. The topic and content of this application is entirely up to you; be creative!
Your work will be graded according to the technical requirements listed in the following section. Creativity and effort always work in your favor, so feel free to go beyond the scope of the listed requirements if you have the time.
Keep things simple. Like most projects you will encounter, you should finish the absolute minimum requirements first, and then add additional features and complexity if you have the time to do so. This will also help you understand what you can get done in a specific allotment of time if you were to be asked to do something similar in the future.
Once you have an idea in mind, approach your design through the user's perspective. User experience is one of the most important aspects of successful web design. If users enjoy their time on with your application, they are more likely to trust whatever services or information you offer, and more likely to come back and use the application again in the future.
You will need access to an external API in order to complete the requirements listed below. Since the content of the API will largely determine the content of your application, it should be chosen first and carefully. You can look for available APIs across the internet, but make sure they include features that will allow you to implement the requirements listed below.
Click here for a list of free APIs you can use. Two of our favorites, which contain all of the features necessary for this assessment are The Cat API and The Dog API. You are not limited to these APIs or any others in the list above. Feel free to get creative! 
https://free-apis.github.io/#/browse

Requirement:

Use the fetch API or Axios to communicate with an external web API. Use the data provided by this API to populate your application’s content and features.

Create user interaction with the API through a search feature, paginated gallery, or similar. This feature should use GET requests to retrieve associated data.

Enable user manipulation of data within the API through the use of POST, PUT, or PATCH requests. Ensure your chosen API supports this feature before beginning.

Make use of Promises and async/await syntax as appropriate.

Organize your JavaScript code into at least three (3) different module files, and import functions and data across files as necessary.

Ensure the program runs as expected, without any undesired behavior caused by misunderstanding of the JavaScript event loop (such as race conditions, API calls being handled out of order, etc.).

Create an engaging user experience through the use of HTML and CSS.

Ensure that the program runs without errors (comment out things that do not work, and explain your blockers - you can still receive partial credit).

Commit frequently to the git repository.

Include a README file that contains a description of your application.

Level of effort displayed in creativity, presentation, and user experience.